How can you speak here?
Heaven Dou God General
In addition to the combat power that is beyond ordinary people
It also depends on his responsibilities and responsibilities
Wooden house king method wolf ambitious man
Unworthy of power
Humph boy
Do you want to go on stage and take a test?
Look at your strength
Is it the same as your mouth?
Are you capable?
I'm not interested in these
Joke Selection Heaven Dou God General
It is a great honor to be a man of Heaven Dou
How could you not be interested?
I look at him
Just know your own strength?
Afraid of being embarrassed
Hahaha
It turned out to be just a trash who can only talk
Since you dare not go on stage, shut your stinky mouth
Dare to deceive the public again
This young master will never forgive Wang Zhongqi lightly
The Heaven Dou General Election Conference is a solemn place
Not the place to pick trouble for you
If Citi Moon moves your little lover, you will not be happy.
The boss clearly tells you
If you dare to interfere
I am not afraid to be your enemy
Really?
Don't forget who is the first female Marquis downstairs
Unexpectedly, the phoenix monkey
2 million terrifying combat power
Want to make an enemy of this monkey
Do you have enough
Hua Qiyue didn't expect you to do it for a little white face
You want to turn against the entire Wang family
It's a shame that I still admired you before
You really let me down
Although Mr. Lin is powerless
But he was above board.
Integrity
What's more valuable is
He and you will never have family feelings
That's it.
He is a thousand times stronger than you
Without combat power, it is useless to talk about the feelings of family and country
I'll tell you now.
This coach is now the best in the audience
Wait until I become the general of Heaven Dou
Gotta play you in the palm of my hand
A mere million combat power is so arrogant
Then if I have hundreds of millions of combat power
You're not going to take me up there.